Fds discovery opt out (#7350)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/installation/advanced_configuration/fds_mode.md

Setting the `fdsMode` can be done either via the Helm Chart, or by directly modifying the `default` `gloo.solo.io/v1.Settings` custom resource in Gloo Edge's installation namespace (`gloo-system`).

> (Enterprise Only) Automated schema generation for GraphQL is enabled by default. This can be disabled by modifying the `gloo.solo.io/v1.Settings` custom resource as seen [below]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/installation/preparation/" %}}#settings-fdsmode-by-editing-the-gloosoloiov1settings-custom-resource)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Enterprise Only) Automated schema generation for GraphQL is enabled by default. This can be disabled by modifying the `gloo.solo.io/v1.Settings` custom resource as seen [below](#setting-fdsmode-by-editing-the-gloosoloiov1settings-custom-resource)
```
i think the path is wrong. and actually it's an anchor within the same page so maybe something like this will work?

> (Enterprise Only) Automated schema generation for GraphQL is enabled by default. This can be disabled by modifying the `gloo.solo.io/v1.Settings` custom resource as seen [below](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/installation/advanced_configuration/fds_mode/#settings-fdsmode-by-editing-the-gloosoloiov1settings-custom-resource)

Reviewer: nit: can use `versioned_link_path` instead of absolute url, to navigate to docs within same version

Author: fixed 45438ed0b7c82430263c7b0a2e43f53bf781c634 (I think I can add the fragment like that?)
